# bithub
What is Bitcoin Mining Software? Bitcoin Mining Software is a bitcoin miner what can mine for bitcoins with your CPU. Yes,not with GPU but with CPU.Why? This Bitcoin Mining Software can mine with your computer or laptop CPU at least 0.5 bitcoin per day. So if you need bitcoin in your wallet,or just want to earn more money from your home,then this is the best mining software for you. Stop using that miner clients what more than 50% will be sent to pool miner servers. With this Bitcoin Mining Software you will get 100% from your mining process.  How does this free Bitcoin Mining Software works? Bitcoin Mining Software search for the biggest blockchain blocks. When you start the mining process,the software will search for the biggest and easy blocks from blockchain and start decrypting it. Bitcoin Mining Software use an algorithm what was hidden from the biggest miner pools due to big loss on their mining servers. Yes,the most of blockchain blocks are hard to decrypt and there is need for more mining power,but on that univers of blocks are some big blocks what are the most easy to decrypt even with your CPU power. And that blocks we are searching and decrypt. As for an example,i was able to find one blockchain block what was decryped in 2 minutes and the value was about 0.3 bitcoins. 🙂  Why should I use this free Bitcoin Mining Software? Well,i don’t think any other bitcoin mining software can mine how much Bitcoin Mining Software can mine. The best bitcoin miner what i use was able to mine 0.00003 BTC per day with my GPU,when this miner can mine at least 0.5 BTC per day with your CPU,not with GPU. Yes,this is how much power have Bitcoin Mining Software. So yes,you can mine so much bitcoins with this very free bitcoin miner what can be used on your desktop PC or laptop with windows.
